ML:
Steps of an ML project:
	1. Look atthe big picture.
	2. Get the data
	3. Explore and visualize to gain insights
	4. Prepare data for ML lgo
	5. Select a model and train
	6. Fine tune your model
	7. Present your soution
	8. Launch, monitor and maintain system


Eg: House price prediction (multivariate regression problem)
	Variates: Longitude, Latitude, No. of Inhabitants, Avg income of the people, ocean proximity

Important terminologies:

	Error measuring: Root mean square error

	Check assumptions: Verify the assumptions made by you.
	Quartiles and percentiles

Visualization:
	scatter_matrix: from pandas.plotting

ClusteringSimple, DecisionTreeClassifier, Naive Bayesian, Random forest



Chap 3: (ML Classification)
- MNIST Dataset (from sklearn.datasets import fetch_openml)
- SGDClassifier (Stochastic Gradient Descent)(Binary classification:- True or False)
- Model Evaluation:- cross_val_score() 
- Confusion matrix: A 2x2 matrix to measure the performance of the model

[ True -ve's       False +ve's
  False -ve's       True +ve's ]

True - refers to the predictions correctly made by the model.
False - refers to the predictions incorrectly made by the model.

+ves and -ves are value neutral.

Precision and Recall (Measures using the values of the confusion matrix)

Visualize it using the precision_recall_curve() (from sklearn.metrics import precision_recall_curve)


ROC Curve - another common tool used with binary classifier ( Similar to the precision vs Recall curve but instead of precision and recall values, it plots true positive rate vs false positive rate. ) (roc_curve())



Multiclass classifiers:
-----------------------

-> One way is to train 10 binary classifiers, one for each digit ( 0 to 9 )
-> Another way is to train all possible OvO classifiers (One vs One classifiers where each classifier compares two numbers and performs binary classification)
-> One vs the Rest (OvR)
-> SVC (Support Vector  Classifier)

Confusion matrix in multi class classifiers consist of a ((n x n) matrix where n refers to the number of classes)

-> Multilabel classifiers, Multioutput classifiers